It sounds crazy, but I was the exact kind of person trapped in the self-help loop without even knowing it.
I thought I was growing.
But in reality, I was just consuming advice.
Every day I picked up a new tip from some internet guru.
A new book.
A new routine.
A new system.
A new skill.
A new "learn this and your life will change" promise.
And the result?
I wasted over a year strictly following useless advice... to the point where I didn't even know what actually worked for me anymore.
I wasn't moving forward.
I was just more confused.
More exhausted.
And the worst part is, I started thinking: "Is there something wrong with me?
Do I lack discipline?
Am I just not good enough to change?
No.
The problem isn't you.
The problem is you are learning from a pile of advice that was never designed for your actual life.
You are using the fake busyness of "learning how to live" to escape the friction of actually living.